fix querier panics when query exemplars (#4473)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Querier: After query-frontend restart, querier may have lower than configured concurrency. #4417
* [BUGFIX] Memberlist: forward only changes, not entire original message. #4419
* [BUGFIX] Memberlist: don't accept old tombstones as incoming change, and don't forward such messages to other gossip members. #4420

> * [BUGFIX] Querier: querier panics when query exemplars. #4469

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Querier: fixed panic when querying exemplars and using `-distributor.shard-by-all-labels=false`. #4473
```
